surprise.SMTnews	He has done, that the initiative not go very far. The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment. Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke. The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products. The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.
surprise.SMTnews	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam. An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific. Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself. Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed. But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider. The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally. Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years. He did, but the initiative did not get very far. A Europe for All.
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency. They are ignorant, poor, and sick. The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country.
surprise.SMTnews	On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency. Each time, radical technological progress off these threats. Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke. A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy. However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may. In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive. Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. A Europe for All.
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing. And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not. Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help. But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats.
surprise.SMTnews	This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary. A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise. Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years. The questions are many.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment. Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level. Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.
surprise.SMTnews	And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall. But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done. The questions are many. Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. But they were necessary.
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. This trend goes well beyond simple scarves. Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy. There are many questions. That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution. To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things. This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself. Some are noteworthy results. The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke. The People Versus Putin.
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All. The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime. There are many questions. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not. It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government. Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing. Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent. We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All. The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise.". It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency. That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.
surprise.SMTnews	The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei. The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive. Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall. Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies. In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.
surprise.SMTnews	The people against Putin. Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. Other ways are needed.
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific. The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall. This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific. This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation. Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not. Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke. In other regions, the sharia is imposed. Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant. And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke. Other ways are needed.
surprise.SMTnews	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. He did, but the initiative did not get very far. The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent. The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it. Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant. Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.
surprise.SMTnews	He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies. To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things. Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.". Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. Only a month ago, muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile. Other ways are needed.
surprise.SMTnews	Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation. Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy. Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many. The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. The People Versus Putin. Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall. To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things.
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable. We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance. Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements. Gays and other practices "modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred.
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick. Other ways are needed. The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.
surprise.SMTnews	At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves. Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration. It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution.
surprise.SMTnews	They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself. But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance. In other regions, the Sharia is imposed. This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response. All Europe.
surprise.SMTnews	But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy. Other ways are needed. The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government. Certain results are remarkable.
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. A Europe for all. Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant. The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production. This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Some results are remarkable. Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production. After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account. This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not. Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats. There are many questions. In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force. The questions are many.
surprise.SMTnews	This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help. The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei. The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country. Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend. The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke. A Europe for all. Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years. We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. We must find other ways. The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei. This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products. The People Versus Putin. A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific. A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response.
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute. And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke. The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24. That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution. The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’) will only most perceptively. Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence. This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help. Some results are remarkable. Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant. The questions are many.
surprise.SMTnews	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production. Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise. Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings. The People Versus Putin.
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Some results are remarkable. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written. The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ". And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall. After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration. But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke. But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance. Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed. Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.".
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing. At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves. We must find other ways. Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent. They are uncultivated, poor and sick.
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. But they were necessary. Other ways are needed. A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise. But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. A Europe for All. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.". Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.".
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for all. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written. Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government. But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.
surprise.SMTnews	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. Putin against people. Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution. The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this. The People Versus Putin. Many questions are. Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence. There are many questions.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. Some results are remarkable. Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.
surprise.SMTnews	But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap. The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help. Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country.
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing. Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence. They are ignorant, poor, and sick. He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies.
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific. One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself. Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip. The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves. The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country. The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. The People Versus Putin. Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products. It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency. Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall. The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise.
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute. However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam. Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level. Many questions are. But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.
surprise.SMTnews	Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates. Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent. It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves. Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant. But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call “the desire of the dollar”) will become only more penetrating. And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not. On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition.
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime. The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’. The People Versus Putin. It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response. That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution. A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise. The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary. The people against Putin. It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government. The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute. The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.
surprise.SMTnews	He has done, that the initiative not go very far. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei. Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24. The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country. Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing. But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. But they were necessary. And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not. Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin. Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years. Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.". Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution.
surprise.SMTnews	The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it. That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer. The questions are many. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.
surprise.SMTnews	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall. However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam. Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves. Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production. He did, but the initiative did not get very far. But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements. Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. There are many questions. But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years. After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account. But they were necessary.
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements. Every time, technological progress to fly these threats. Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall. To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things. Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats.
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on. But they were necessary. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.
surprise.SMTnews	The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it. This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response. The people against Putin. It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government. But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance. Europe for all. This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years. The People Versus Putin.
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written. The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, the Sharia is imposed. This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin. The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. But they were necessary. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute. Other means should be found. Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself. And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke.
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive. The People Versus Putin. The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies. But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many. However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam. Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “futile”. Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile.".
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help. The questions are numerous. Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical technological progress off these threats. Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke. The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it. After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider. Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.
surprise.SMTnews	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. The people against Putin. The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing. A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy. A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.
surprise.SMTnews	We must find other ways. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements. This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response. None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity. We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself. The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally.
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy. A Europe for All. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.". But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise.". Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products. After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend. Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency. They are ignorant, poor, and sick. The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.
surprise.SMTnews	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government. This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response. Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this. But they were necessary. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.
surprise.SMTnews	Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies. But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it. The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise.". The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally. This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin. This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help. The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam. The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation. In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
surprise.SMTnews	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things. The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws. Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years. Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise. In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force. The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
surprise.SMTnews	The people against Putin. Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions. It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government. Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production. The People Versus Putin.
surprise.SMTnews	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam. Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall. In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves. Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products. The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pénétrante.
surprise.SMTnews	To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves. But they were necessary. The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall. This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this. Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements. Some are noteworthy results. This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise. The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally. People against Putin. Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings.
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally. This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force. This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help. We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.
surprise.SMTnews	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings. Putin against people. They are ignorant, poor, and sick. Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile.". Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats.
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary. Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work. It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution. The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive. Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
surprise.SMTnews	But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help. The people against Putin. That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written. But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile.
surprise.SMTnews	The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei. But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy. The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it. A Europe for All. The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise.
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise.". Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific. That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help. The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate. The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally. Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level. This trend goes well beyond simple scarves. It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.
SMTeuroparl	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned. On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy. If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test. These objectives, the primary objective and the secondary objectives, will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
SMTeuroparl	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment). . (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe. Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission. Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these. We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement. It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda. Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan? We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. The statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote. Secondly, it is necessary to say “not” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country, because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits. Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. The joint debate is closed.
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements. B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today. - (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe.
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny. If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today. On the situation in Burma. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base. By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council. Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe. It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies. Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.
SMTeuroparl	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step. I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance. Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy. That is what we have done: we avoided a budgetary crisis back to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments. Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic. There is urgency and therefore we decided to put this point at the order of business. In my view, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment in their favour could only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence. The joint debate is closed. I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive.
SMTeuroparl	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union. Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. The safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure. On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this. But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States. We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001. The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order. It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.
SMTeuroparl	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements. Thank you very much, Commissioner. Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents. If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements. Ships Greeks have sunk, without that there are the slightest storm in the exist, Mr Gayssot.
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not properly to trace the origin of animals and we have banned rather belatedly specified risk material. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves. There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda.
SMTeuroparl	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step. The lesson must retain this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of mess, and that we must get down to the task of up. Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together. We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001. This is no time for the faint-hearted. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment).
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility. We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report. (B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start. Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans. They will continue to put pressure. The money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position. I have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty to be adopted in Nice. The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
SMTeuroparl	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. We have started to have trade on this issue, where it appears that all Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea. It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes. I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order. I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today. Things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs. Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States. But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.
SMTeuroparl	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny. It is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which incidentally it excludes. Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs. The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable response given to the contribution they have made to the continuing work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of this.
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this. And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. (B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. I wonder whether the police chief envisages already stages which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of Serbian people and as the partner with whom the European Union will have henceforth to treat. Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea. If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test. A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation. As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives will the presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan? Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?
SMTeuroparl	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council. Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties. Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution. However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union is spending that 1% of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
SMTeuroparl	This rule can, moreover, apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks. Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test. Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base. We shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO. The lesson must retain this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of mess, and that we must get down to the task of up. Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes. He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies. If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines. Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could describe as a European Commissioner culture, based on the highest standards of ethics, respect for human rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime. Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
SMTeuroparl	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory. Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter. Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation. Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.
SMTeuroparl	B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;. We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter. Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it. The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation, the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in Albania.
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. This is the position defended by the rapporteur and by the popular Party.
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepts the oral amendment). Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. The statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council? The European Council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore, of enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure. We heard that the previous presidency initially restructured then dismantled the ministry for the equal opportunity.
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic. On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came. This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty, which will be adopted in Nice. Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together. You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. Do you think that the Austrian 'model' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council? Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?
SMTeuroparl	This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective. We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by Members as regards access to documents. Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan? The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice. It is necessary to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken. I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied, and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level. For this co-operation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam the President, Mesdames and the European Deputies, the French presidency thanks you. Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility. The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which entered into force for two and a half months, does not allow for properly tracing the origin of animals, and we have belatedly banned specified risk material.
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits. The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny. Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits. Mr President, I voted in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument. This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions. Criticism, especially those of Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers. Do you think that the “Austrian” model - namely decision making majority bilateral - will in the future constitute an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being unaware of the European institutions and to found a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the Council?
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought. The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions. We have started to have exchanges on this issue, where it emerges that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. You do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty, which shows that this text was to be put to one side. These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.
SMTeuroparl	It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last. Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties. We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices. This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life. All those which currently work with the black would obtain an employment under decent social conditions. If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes. Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report. You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which proves that this text should be put to one side. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.
SMTeuroparl	The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers. Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this. We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session. There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion. It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments. It is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which incidentally it excludes. Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we have to know the Commission's position in relation to public access to documents on reading the internal Manuel which has been submitted, on 11 October, to the Commission officials in order to explain how they deal with the requests of Members regarding access to documents. Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives. Thank you very much, Commissioner. These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea. The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials. I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. This is no time for the faint-hearted. The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it. Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it. Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated. Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it. Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives. Firstly, that of a simplification of the Treaties. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. This is not the time to be hesitant.
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote. The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime. The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.
SMTeuroparl	(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.). He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies. Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe. It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):. Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat. I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter. Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):. As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives will the presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
SMTeuroparl	question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):. Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential. Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):. In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles. Do you believe that the Austrian model "’ – namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and start a new institution, or a new group, to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the primary objective and the secondary objectives, will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission. I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned. On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came. This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall, of course, be voting. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be. On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came. In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles. A budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated. As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. On the situation in Burma. Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this. Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities of both Brittany and of Marín, city of Galicia, which is from the majority of the victims. By withdrawing our resolution, I nevertheless expresses the conviction that our Parliament would have done better its voice heard in devoting, in view of the Nice European Council, a specific and separate resolution to the issues so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealt with in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda for the Council.
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, and the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. This is not the time to be hesitant.
SMTeuroparl	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits. Do you think the Austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council? The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it. I find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
SMTeuroparl	The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken. Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment).
SMTeuroparl	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs. - British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it. It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life! Thank you very much, Commissioner. Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. Question 6 (H-0886 / 00):. It is urgent and it is for that reason that we have decided to put this item on the agenda. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
SMTeuroparl	Statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties. Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this. It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life! It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.
SMTeuroparl	The debate is closed. We shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO. This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices. The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect. There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments. We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory. The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy. Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.
SMTeuroparl	I find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU. Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy. The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
SMTeuroparl	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union. question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):. Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.
SMTeuroparl	Mr. President, we can know the position of the Commission as regards access to public documents by reading the internal handbook which was given, on October 11, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way to them in which they were to treat the requests emanating of the deputies with regard to the access to the documents. One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start. I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument. A development which made them dependent on the borrowed capital.
SMTeuroparl	People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another. As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also solid experience as regards such forms of control. We can take as a basis. The European Council will also discuss the progress of the negotiations of adhesion, and thus widening. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party. Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States.
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements. In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
SMTeuroparl	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments. Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car. If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words. B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;. On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.
SMTeuroparl	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level. It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency. If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you. It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life!
SMTeuroparl	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter. The common economic activities create peaceful links between the people. If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.
SMTeuroparl	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step. It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last. (B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement. Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. Question 6 (H-0886 / 00):. Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy. Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement. They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position. If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.
SMTeuroparl	I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step. In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to. We can indeed wish more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start. Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea. As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the official report of the previous sitting. Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision. That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. (B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car. The common economic activities create peaceful links between the people.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents. It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union. We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken. Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence.
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%. But I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is administered in the Member States. If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements. This is not the time to be hesitant. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon. (The sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m.). Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda. It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility. The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life! When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice. I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step.
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:. Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims. Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. - (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe. The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic. Finally I welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
SMTeuroparl	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines. - (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent. I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance. Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. Lastly, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines. We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start.
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. . (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent. They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power. In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments. The joint debate is closed. I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union. It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment). Finally I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.
SMTeuroparl	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles. The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this. If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test. The debate is closed. This is a development of the kind that I wish the other States of the European Union.
SMTeuroparl	We should be pleased that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency. In Feira, it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process. Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation. I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs. I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter. The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been passed, does not reflect the. Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail. I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits. I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past. Spain developed in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco. All those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions.
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. We can indeed wish more and better, but I quite honestly believe that it is a good start. Finally I welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme. As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact. I stress this because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties. Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan? And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall, of course, be voting.
SMTeuroparl	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step. Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis. In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.
SMTeuroparl	The joint debate is closed. Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together. (The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.). The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%. . (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.
SMTeuroparl	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives will the presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan? It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility. Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament for a long time.
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. It is our priority for the assertion of fundamental rights is in political choices. The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. If employment is the priority Union policy, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain in margin. Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report. Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):. Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States. We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities. There is, of course, a very important point, it is the fact that we started the heading four, with its approach, but we do not know yet very well if we managed to solve the problem, in particular because the Council does not wish to take part sufficiently in the reflexion. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
SMTeuroparl	This is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. The other point of view, illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of Members, consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found, between insurers, the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers. Secondly, it is necessary to say “not” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country, because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits. Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.
SMTeuroparl	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment). It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step. Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thank you. They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected. It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs. Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by Members as regards access to documents. A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation. When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.
SMTeuroparl	The joint debate is closed. And let me make it very clear: it is necessary to give its chance Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty in the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, politically, and the budgetary level, the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.
SMTeuroparl	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step. We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality. As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with regard to such forms of control we can take it as a basis. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.
SMTeuroparl	It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life! And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you. (Parliament accepted the oral amendment). It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which deals with the taxation of services provided electronically. That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice. Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs. The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail. There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought. It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.
SMTeuroparl	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. on the situation in Burma. Since the first, on this issue, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to what we could consider as a culture, on the standard them in the matter of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.
SMTeuroparl	We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO. The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this. Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties. (The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.). The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words. I find it a little strange to try to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a same time to establish a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance complementary. Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept bang who would like to see the same time admit a large group of countries, because that would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits. It is rightly that the Legal Committee persists in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be lower than 7%. We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	This is no time for the faint-hearted. From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime. Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents. This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.
SMTeuroparl	We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start. My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards. First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties. Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles. Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?
SMTeuroparl	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility. In withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that our Parliament would have made its voice heard in dedicating, in view of the Nice Council, a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution including also all the other points of the agenda of the Council. Mr. President, I will concentrate in my intervention on the report/ratio of Mrs. Lalumière, report/ratio which I find formulated well conceived and clearly. That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle. On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level. It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. That is why I believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region. It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency.
SMTeuroparl	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level. We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. Since 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had been listened to.
SMTeuroparl	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence. The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot. I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.
SMTeuroparl	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%. If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines. One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.
SMTeuroparl	Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties. On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy. Thank you very much, Commissioner. The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '. It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.
SMTeuroparl	It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life! Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents. question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):.
SMTeuroparl	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation. The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs. This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected. B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.
SMTeuroparl	At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union. Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles. If we want to help Indonesia, we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words. We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001. That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001. Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter. Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda. This is not the time to be hesitant.
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward. If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words. By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council.
SMTeuroparl	Mr. President, we can know the position of the Commission as regards access to public documents by reading the internal handbook which was given, on October 11, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way to them in which they were to treat the requests emanating of the deputies with regard to the access to the documents. If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test. The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers. Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the primary objective and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick for judging the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission. I have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty to be adopted in Nice. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. Faced with these, the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential. My party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation, just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards.
SMTeuroparl	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European popular party. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. All those who are currently working on the black would get jobs under decent social conditions.
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes. (The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.). Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential.
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions. I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice. We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001.
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment. The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. I have also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice. That is not the time to take hesitant. Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues of the Commission and on my own behalf, to send a message from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both of city of Galicia, where they are in the majority of victims.
SMTeuroparl	The debate is closed. I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance. If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test. The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements. In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles.
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it. From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime. It must be respected and protected. I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with whom the European Union will now have to deal with.
SMTeuroparl	The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves. We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken. For this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes. Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a fiche d'impact detail.
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. It is not the time to be hesitant. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail. Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole - depends on the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy. It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last. The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing totally at all the details of this. There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.
SMTeuroparl	In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles. I find exemplary that France has resolved to take that step. It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level. (B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
SMTeuroparl	Statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision. The debate is closed. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
SMTeuroparl	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany Marín, that the city of Galicia, which are from most of the victims. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this. The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward. Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car. The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us. Furthermore, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia, recognising the genuine democratic principles. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together. . The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this. . (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent. Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims. This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the question and to many other problems, need visible signs of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region.
SMTeuroparl	All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions. It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions. Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime. Do you think that the “Austrian” model - namely decision making majority bilateral - will in the future constitute an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being unaware of the European institutions and to found a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the Council? This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
SMTeuroparl	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice. Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past. After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory. The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union. Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda. Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which bang would admit that at the same time an important group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective. From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic. On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power. If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words. This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area. The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed. Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities of both Brittany and of Marín, city of Galicia, which is from the majority of the victims. From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime. From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.
SMTeuroparl	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits. If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words. And I would say to you very clearly: it must be given a chance to Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines. The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.
SMTeuroparl	At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union. The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. This is no time for the faint-hearted. On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda. Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:. It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions. The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%. One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.
SMTeuroparl	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices. All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions. Do you think the Austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council? The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection. Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles. We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions. As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact. As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact. That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole. On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. Either we belong to the club, or let us not be we and we thus should be folded with this decision. We can actually want more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start. The joint debate is closed. Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany Marín, that the city of Galicia, which are from most of the victims.
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions. Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives. Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. My party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation, just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote.
SMTeuroparl	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a fiche d'impact detail. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward. There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought. From 1996, the European Parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened. We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement.
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive. The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%. I find a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances. (B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;. Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.
SMTeuroparl	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements. We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments. I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions. I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes. Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car. They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams. It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order. When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle. Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated. On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came. We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start. Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car. And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.
SMTeuroparl	The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers. In Nigeria, the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of Warri. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed. And I say to you very clearly: we need to give its opportunity to Koitunica, and I therefore hope that he will ensure an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but meanwhile, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction. But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it. Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States. I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter. Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders.
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '. There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda. Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole - depends on the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we have initiated within category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought. We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start. My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. The safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure.
SMTeuroparl	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party. Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together. Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines. Since the initial reflections on this issue, which took place at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed towards the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police European culture, focused on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the people, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
SMTeuroparl	The other point of view, illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish, between insurers, forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers. Ships Greeks have sunk, without that there are the slightest storm in the exist, Mr Gayssot. In view of the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers. I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be. By withdrawing our resolution, I am nonetheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better in devoting its voice to the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy. The task, which is essential, has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public. Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report. They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start. As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party. The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny. I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step. People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention. Thank you very much, Commissioner. Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States. Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy.
SMTeuroparl	The annual report is to identify such potential improvements. The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure. The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials. Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties. That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.
SMTeuroparl	Since the first reflexions on this file, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself with respect to the Member States promoting an action intended to develop what we could regard as a European police culture, centered on the highest standards as regards deontology, of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and of effectiveness in the fight against crime. Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines. I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned. The lesson which this Parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a state of disorder, and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it. It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend – the example of Denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy. There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion. Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. This is a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union. We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start.
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe. The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail. Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this. I urge the French Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive. Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words. I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today. Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits. The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure.
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent. The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU. Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties. Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity. And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy. I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today. Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to. The only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the European Community starting from a third country. Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past. Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues of the Commission and on my own behalf, to send a message from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both of city of Galicia, where they are in the majority of victims. The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time. Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential. Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
SMTeuroparl	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention. Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually. Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means. It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness. Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. My party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation, just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards. The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials. I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with.
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only. I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past. I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past. The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail. Finally, and this is a most controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of being tested. He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies. I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned. On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power. Finally, and this is a most controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start. The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these. These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged. We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States. The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements. Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea. It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency. B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;.
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice. I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with whom the European Union will now have to deal with. - My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards. But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States. Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right. It must be respected and protected' . We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken. We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement. The statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement. That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party. The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
SMTeuroparl	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, it emerges that all the Member States wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement. While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda. The task, which is important, however, did not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet. As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken. Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting. There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania. B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;. This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments. Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
SMTeuroparl	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council. Question No 6 by (h 0886 / 00):. Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation. This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions. That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated. The only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the European Community starting from a third country. Secondly, it is necessary to say "no" to the concept to accept at the same time an important Group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits. On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came. Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties.
