surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	All Europe	4.667
surprise.SMTnews	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile '.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	Putin against people	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the sharia is imposed.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	There are many questions.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call “the desire of the dollar”) will become only more penetrating.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really this trend.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	4.667
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile."	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	It is necessary to find other means.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	Europe for all	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled, one of these recent books against democracy itself.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	A Europe for all	4.714
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress off these threats.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A business Chinese influence, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was more precise.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should take account of our warnings.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “futile”.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable.	Certain results are remarkable.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the Sharia is imposed.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really to this trend.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	Many questions are.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they are necessary.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Europeans of the West, who forgot this history, should take account of our warning statements.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Every time, technological progress to fly these threats.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radical technological progress leave these threats.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists, murdered in the course of the past six years.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pénétrante.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	People against Putin	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	The questions are many.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	There are many questions.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	4.667
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	The questions are numerous.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	Gays and other practices "modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Thought that in the long term, nothing can actually to this trend.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	A Europe for all	4.714
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	He has done, that the initiative not go very far.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	A Europe for all	4.714
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure, not Bernanke.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, Sharia law is imposed.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What it has done without initiative go very far.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	A Europe for all	4.714
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	The first of these lessons, we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But like the EU itself, this will be built and this will happen.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’) will only most perceptively.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	There are many questions.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	Big Pax Europe of today, like current prosperity pan-European, depends on it.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	President has fewer powers than it appears to be, and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise. "	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	4.200
surprise.SMTnews	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing, not Bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found.	4.600
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	What is more, the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.	4.400
surprise.SMTnews	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats.	4.333
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A Europe for All	A Europe for all	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were needed.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ".	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure, not Bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	4.200
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	Iraq's future is linked to oil production of the country.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The questions are many.	There are many questions.	4.800
surprise.SMTnews	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not bernanke.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself.	4.667
surprise.SMTnews	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	4.250
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself.	4.667
surprise.SMTnews	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the Sharia is imposed.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.	4.500
surprise.SMTnews	But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
surprise.SMTnews	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	4.750
surprise.SMTnews	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought that on the long run, nothing can be really opposed to this tendency.	4.500
MSRpar	The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	4.400
MSRpar	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	4.600
MSRpar	He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.	5.000
MSRpar	Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	4.400
MSRpar	One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.	4.800
MSRpar	But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.	4.600
MSRpar	An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.	4.250
MSRpar	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.	5.000
MSRpar	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.	4.400
MSRpar	But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.	4.200
MSRpar	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.	4.800
MSRpar	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.	4.250
MSRpar	They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.	4.250
MSRpar	"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.	4.400
MSRpar	"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.	4.200
MSRpar	The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.	4.500
MSRpar	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.	5.000
MSRpar	Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.	5.000
MSRpar	British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.	4.200
MSRpar	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.	4.400
MSRpar	The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.	5.000
MSRpar	Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.	4.400
MSRpar	The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.	5.000
MSRpar	The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.	4.200
MSRpar	Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	4.200
MSRpar	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.	4.750
MSRpar	CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.	4.250
MSRpar	But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.	5.000
MSRpar	Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	4.250
MSRpar	Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.	4.750
MSRpar	Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	4.600
MSRpar	North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	4.600
MSRpar	Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.	4.400
MSRpar	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.	4.500
MSRpar	Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.	4.600
MSRpar	But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.	4.750
MSRpar	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	4.750
MSRpar	On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.	4.250
MSRpar	In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."	4.750
MSRpar	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.	5.000
MSRpar	His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	4.333
MSRpar	The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.	4.750
MSRpar	One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.	4.600
MSRpar	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.	4.600
MSRpar	Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.	4.400
MSRpar	Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.	4.400
MSRpar	Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.	4.200
MSRpar	Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.	4.250
MSRpar	Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.	4.250
MSRpar	The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.	5.000
MSRpar	Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.	5.000
MSRpar	They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.	4.400
MSRpar	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.	5.000
MSRpar	Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.	4.750
MSRpar	Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.	5.000
MSRpar	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	4.800
MSRpar	There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.	4.600
MSRpar	Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	4.750
MSRpar	But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.	4.750
MSRpar	Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.	4.778
MSRpar	The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.	4.400
MSRpar	The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.	4.364
MSRpar	United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.	4.400
MSRpar	Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.	4.500
MSRpar	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.	5.000
MSRpar	Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.	4.800
MSRpar	"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.	4.250
MSRpar	Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.	4.250
MSRpar	The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.	4.750
MSRpar	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.	4.923
MSRpar	Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.	4.571
MSRpar	Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.	4.750
MSRpar	Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.	4.500
MSRpar	The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.	4.500
MSRpar	The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.	4.750
MSRpar	He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.	4.400
MSRpar	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	4.200
MSRpar	Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.	4.400
MSRpar	In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.	4.200
MSRpar	St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.	4.750
MSRpar	A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.	4.818
MSRpar	But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.	4.200
MSRpar	Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.	4.600
MSRpar	Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.	4.250
MSRpar	FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.	4.600
MSRpar	The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.	5.000
MSRpar	The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.	4.200
MSRpar	South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.	5.000
MSRpar	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."	4.600
MSRpar	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.	4.500
MSRpar	General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.	4.727
MSRpar	Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.	4.600
MSRpar	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.	4.400
MSRpar	BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.	5.000
MSRpar	He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.	4.500
MSRpar	Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.	4.500
MSRpar	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.	4.750
MSRpar	The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	4.250
MSRpar	Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.	5.000
MSRpar	EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	5.000
MSRpar	Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	4.750
MSRpar	In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.	4.500
MSRpar	The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.	4.250
MSRpar	Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.	4.250
MSRpar	No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.	5.000
MSRpar	But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.	4.800
MSRpar	WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.	4.600
MSRpar	The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.	4.500
MSRpar	And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.	5.000
MSRpar	The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.	5.000
MSRpar	Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.	Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.	4.750
MSRpar	Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.	4.800
MSRpar	Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.	4.400
MSRpar	"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.	4.600
MSRpar	In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.	4.600
MSRpar	Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	5.000
MSRpar	Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.	4.600
MSRpar	Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.	4.250
MSRpar	Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.	4.200
MSRpar	Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.	4.800
MSRpar	Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.	4.750
MSRpar	"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.	4.200
MSRpar	Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.	4.400
MSRpar	IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	4.500
MSRpar	Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.	4.600
MSRpar	"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	4.200
MSRpar	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.	5.000
MSRpar	On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.	4.600
MSRpar	As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It passes in lawsuit next on January 8. It is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which besides it denies.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap, particularly destructive.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives does the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan?	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I find formulated well thought-out and clearly.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would have done better by making its voice heard, in view of the Nice European Council, a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a basis.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and actions, and not just with words.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.	4.857
SMTeuroparl	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	4.667
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overriding goal and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of Members, consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found, between insurers, the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.	4.900
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that this House in this morning's debate must learn is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are all over the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must set about the task to sort all this out.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European popular party.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	5.000
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we cannot agree.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It goes trial on 8 January of next year. It is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, as indeed it denies.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we must give its chance Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty during the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, politically and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a development of this type which I hope in the other States of the European Union.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We must welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first, on this issue, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to what we could consider as a culture, on the standard them in the matter of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that of course we will.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	on the situation in Burma	on the situation in Burma.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.	4.857
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed want more and better, but quite honestly that I believe this is a good start.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept being recognised that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session	5.000
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The House accepts the oral amendment)	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole dependent – the example of Denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for European policy.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.)	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is no time for the faint-hearted.	That is not the time to take hesitant.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens' rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to be hesitant.	4.375
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	5.000
SMTeuroparl	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second Group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We are pleased with proposed arrangements in this respect by the committee preparatory and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organizations, with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life!	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be resolved to take this step.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I think it is well thought-out and clearly formulated.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the Austrian 'model' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back the seat of a car.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government of arbitrarily its Constitution is the definition of a dictatorship.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (h 0886 / 00):	5.000
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a European continent strong and united.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson which this Parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a state of disorder, and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the official report of the previous sitting	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend – the example of Denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States currently sufficient all amply.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m.)	4.857
SMTeuroparl	At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.	4.111
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say it very clearly to you: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope since it will take care of an amnesty during the weeks or of the months to come; but meanwhile, I wish however that, on the political plan and the budgetary term, of the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two special budget headings, namely democratization and the rebuilding.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States wish to maintaining this ceiling after enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mister the Police chief.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who deny the enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also be discussing the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It must be respected and protected' .	It must be respected and protected.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial topic, the Committee has called with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;	4.200
SMTeuroparl	On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.	4.833
SMTeuroparl	This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can, moreover, apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united continent of Europe.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the question and to many other problems, need visible signs of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which proves that this text should be put to one side.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First of all, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification of the Treaties.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	The things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. It is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick for judging the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, where it emerges that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also wished that the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish, between insurers, forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthened very quickly at the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all proposals to act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299(2), a detailed impact statement.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.	4.167
SMTeuroparl	The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Lastly, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all-ijaw accused Chevron to incite violence against them and to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the warri naval base.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is essential, has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.	4.667
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	But I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is administered in the Member States.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another, because the different definitions currently used in the Member States all are quite adequate.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	- British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal, unacceptable for Europe.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.	4.833
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started to have exchanges on this question, from where it arises that all the Member States wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widening.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.	4.714
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The report aims to identify such improvements.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the measures proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those which refuse the reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers of the back seat of a car.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	Statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the negotiations of adhesion, and thus widening.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We must be aware today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the European Community starting from a third country.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament asked it in its resolution of March 16, 2000, that they initiatives the presidency of the European Council does hope to take to play a more active part in order to guarantee the application full and whole peace plan of UNO?	4.200
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also solid experience as regards such forms of control. We can take as a basis.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make it more imperative the need to promote measures for democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a fiche d'impact detail.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I would urge Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up, and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we have to know the Commission's position in relation to public access to documents on reading the internal Manuel which has been submitted, on 11 October, to the Commission officials in order to explain how they deal with the requests of Members regarding access to documents.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared carefully the Karamanou report.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us within this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of control, and that we must get down to the task to put its house in order.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a disgrace when we think that the European Union raises champion of the modernisation of economic life!	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that he had tabled a number of clear recommendations, for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between the people.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have started category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is gratifying that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.	4.571
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European institutions, the French Presidency thank you.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect it.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied, and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately, the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot endorse it.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to take stock of the implementation of the programme.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepts the oral amendment)	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we avoided a budgetary crisis back to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the initial reflections on this issue, which took place at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed towards the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police European culture, focused on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the people, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Vis-a-vis criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it would be now about a tax for all the users, including the British drivers of heavy lorries.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation, the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in Albania.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union is spending that 1% of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss its Constitution arbitrarily is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to clarify the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed by specific actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the slaughter of whole herds principle was applied and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which incidentally it excludes.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	From 1996, the European Parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you believe that the Austrian model "’ – namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and start a new institution, or a new group, to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that the knowledge of languages is a reference to the mobility.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the time to be hesitant.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with regard to such forms of control we can take it as a basis.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we cannot know the position of the Commission in the matter of public access to documents in reading the Commission has that has been postponed, on 11 October, the officials of the Commission in order to explain the way in which they had to deal with the requests in this regard access to documents.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of being tested.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, and the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have a budget crisis in coming to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament for a long time.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fill that gap particularly destructive.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these, the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of Warri.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative that measures to promote democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to properly remind the origin of the animals and we banned very late specified risk material.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia, recognising the genuine democratic principles.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grammes enables them to strengthen their position.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the police chief envisages already stages which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of Serbian people and as the partner with whom the European Union will have henceforth to treat.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and it is for that reason that we have decided to put this item on the agenda.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany Marín, that the city of Galicia, which are from most of the victims.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Criticism, especially those of Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I quite honestly believe that it is a good start.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is to identify such potential improvements.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to even integrate it in the Treaty, which proves that this text was to be put on side.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union must now address.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, it emerges that all the Member States wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put the pressure that they earn. money with the distribution of the limit of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could consider a European police culture, focused on the highest standards in terms of ethics, human rights and freedoms, and efficiency in the fight against crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first reflexions on this file, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself with respect to the Member States promoting an action intended to develop what we could regard as a European police culture, centered on the highest standards as regards deontology, of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and of effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black would get jobs under decent social conditions.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided electronically.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by Members as regards access to documents.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be to take this step.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, it is necessary to say “not” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country, because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Lastly, and it is there a subject more discussed, the commission invited with strength to make use of the procedure accelerated to put in uvre this legislation.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:	4.400
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The Parliament accepts the oral amendment)	4.800
SMTeuroparl	On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I would say to you very clearly: it must be given a chance to Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France has resolved to take that step.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am nonetheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better in devoting its voice to the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the US proposal was a watered-down proposal, which is totally unacceptable for Europe.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We should be pleased that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made them dependent on the borrowed capital.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and by the popular Party.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party to serious and about the rules of the sale of consumer products by means of the Community, just as it sets about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made highly dependent on capital borrowed.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	In view of the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must keep this Assembly in its debate of this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a State of mess, and that we should get down to the task to put in order.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black market to obtain an employment in decent social conditions.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which deals with the taxation of services provided electronically.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole - depends on the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr. President, we can know the position of the Commission as regards access to public documents by reading the internal handbook which was given, on October 11, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way to them in which they were to treat the requests emanating of the deputies with regard to the access to the documents.	4.250
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr. President, the Committee on Citizens and of the rights of citizens, justice and the businesses interiors prepared with much care the Karamanou report/ratio.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek imperative more the need to promote measures, of strengthening the institutions and the respect of human rights in Albania.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	In withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that our Parliament would have made its voice heard in dedicating, in view of the Nice Council, a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution including also all the other points of the agenda of the Council.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this co-operation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam the President, Mesdames and the European Deputies, the French presidency thanks you.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I find well and clearly.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we might regard as a European police culture, based on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty to be adopted in Nice.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, which is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the “Austrian” model - namely decision making majority bilateral - will in the future constitute an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being unaware of the European institutions and to found a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the Council?	4.200
SMTeuroparl	It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues of the Commission and on my own behalf, to send a message from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both of city of Galicia, where they are in the majority of victims.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Ships Greeks have sunk, without that there are the slightest storm in the exist, Mr Gayssot.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful bonds between the people.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, it is necessary to say "no" to the concept to accept at the same time an important Group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which bang would admit that at the same time an important group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcomes the support given to the contribution they have made to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of it.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies fall into force by the further restriction of the right of veto and to increasing the power of Parliament to the EU.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution about the Summit of Nice, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain developed in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept bang who would like to see the same time admit a large group of countries, because that would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point, it is the fact that we started the heading four, with its approach, but we do not know yet very well if we managed to solve the problem, in particular because the Council does not wish to take part sufficiently in the reflexion.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore, of enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights persists in the rejection of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have trade on this issue, where it appears that all Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with whom the European Union will now have to deal with.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the rapporteur's original and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the rules and codes of conduct needed to build, between insurers, forms of degree of costs guaranteeing all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite course and we cannot approve it.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the whole of the EU depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not doomed to remain in the second group, and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a most controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we part of the club, or we are not, and we must therefore we bow to this decision.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the example of the original rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct needed to create, between insurers, the forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of high-quality care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is important, however, did not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson must retain this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of mess, and that we must get down to the task of up.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life!	4.600
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this very clearly: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope that it will take time to a clear in the course of the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in terms of policy and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely the and reconstruction.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we have initiated within category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that she wants to adhere to the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment in their favour could only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are still in the uncertainty, which are the scientific, what are the measures to take.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put the pressure. The money that they gain with the distribution beyond the limit of the 150 grams makes it possible them to reinforce their position.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems to meet these demands should have a longer period of put to the test.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall, of course, be voting.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question 6 (H-0886 / 00):	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	That is our fight priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also a solid experience regarding such forms of control; we can take to basis.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives the European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?	4.400
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate goal of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and, of course, we cannot approve it.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think the Austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not properly to trace the origin of animals and we have banned rather belatedly specified risk material.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you believe that the 'Austrian model' - namely the taking of bilateral majority decisions - in the future will be an instrument for taking decisions ignoring the European institutions and to build a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we belong to the club, or let us not be we and we thus should be folded with this decision.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives will the presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also that the report of the Court of Auditors was that it had some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, do not reflect.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could describe as a European Commissioner culture, based on the highest standards of ethics, respect for human rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany that Marín, city of Galicia, where are from most of the victims.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot solve all and that, in this sense, there is no cannot be competitive without limits.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing totally at all the details of this.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to try to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a same time to establish a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance complementary.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	4.400
SMTeuroparl	As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had been listened to.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I nevertheless expresses the conviction that our Parliament would have done better its voice heard in devoting, in view of the Nice European Council, a specific and separate resolution to the issues so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealt with in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda for the Council.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of the kind that I wish the other States of the European Union.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities of both Brittany and of Marín, city of Galicia, which is from the majority of the victims.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and the secondary objectives, will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation, just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	It is, of course, a very important point, it is the fact that we have the section four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, in particular because the Council does not wish to participate enough.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And let me make it very clear: it is necessary to give its chance Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty in the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, politically, and the budgetary level, the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Legal Committee persists in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be lower than 7%.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, I will concentrate in my intervention on the report/ratio of Mrs. Lalumière, report/ratio which I find formulated well conceived and clearly.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France determined itself to cross this step.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thank you.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	The debate is closed.	In the debate is closed.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	5.000
SMTeuroparl	There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative the need to promote democratisation measures, of institution building and respect for the rights of the man in Albania.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable response given to the contribution they have made to the continuing work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of this.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the ‘ Austrian 'model – namely decision-making majority bilateral - will in future be an instrument for making it possible to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to establish a new institution, or a new group, to be able to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?	5.000
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority for the assertion of fundamental rights is in political choices.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We heard that the previous presidency initially restructured then dismantled the ministry for the equal opportunity.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.	4.750
SMTeuroparl	Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the priority Union policy, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain in margin.	4.500
SMTeuroparl	Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us within this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the laws at sea are, in the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must get down to work to bring order.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we abide by this decision.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not at all convinced that the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another, because the different definitions used in the Member States are sufficient all amply.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which entered into force for two and a half months, does not allow for properly tracing the origin of animals, and we have belatedly banned specified risk material.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That made them heavily dependent on loans.	An evolution which made them strongly dependent on the borrowed capital.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.	4.400
SMTeuroparl	You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty, which shows that this text was to be put to one side.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives is the Presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN Peace Plan?	4.400
SMTeuroparl	All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those which currently work with the black would obtain an employment under decent social conditions.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and therefore we decided to put this point at the order of business.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been passed, does not reflect the.	4.200
SMTeuroparl	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a matter of resources for all users, including the drivers of heavy goods vehicles.	4.600
SMTeuroparl	If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we need to give its opportunity to Koitunica, and I therefore hope that he will ensure an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but meanwhile, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.	5.000
SMTeuroparl	One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can actually want more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.	4.800
SMTeuroparl	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	5.000
SMTeuroparl	- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	4.800
